Plain index creation on container startup (#36)
manticoresoftware/docker: README.md

### Running under non-root
By default, the main Manticore process `searchd` is running under user `manticore` inside the container, but the script which runs on starting the container is run under your default docker user which in most cases is `root`. If that's not what you want you can use `docker ... --user manticore` or `user: manticore` in docker compose yaml to make everything run under `manticore`. Read below about possible volume permissions issue you can get and how to solve it.

### Creating plain indexes on startup

> Manticore doesn't create newly added plain indexes on its own startup (you need to run indexer). If you want to create them on startup you can use `CREATE_PLAIN_INDEXES=1` environment variable. It will run `indexer --all` before Manticore start. It is useful if you don't use volumes and your indexes are easy to recreate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manticore doesn't create newly added plain indexes on its own startup, you need to run the indexer. To create them on startup, you can use the CREATE_PLAIN_INDEXES=1 environment variable. It will execute indexer --all before Manticore starts. This is useful if you don't use volumes, and your indexes are easy to recreate.
```

> ### Creating plain indexes on startup
> Manticore doesn't create newly added plain indexes on its own startup, you need to run the indexer. To create them on startup, you can use the CREATE_PLAIN_INDEXES=1 environment variable. It will execute indexer --all before Manticore starts. This is useful if you don't use volumes, and your indexes are easy to recreate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Creating plain tables on startup
To build plain tables specified in your custom configuration file, you can use the `CREATE_PLAIN_TABLES=1` environment variable. It will execute `indexer --all` before Manticore starts. This is useful if you don't use volumes, and your tables are easy to recreate.
```

```bash

> docker run -e CREATE_PLAIN_INDEXES=1 --name manticore -v $(pwd)/manticore.conf:/etc/manticoresearch/manticore.conf -p 9306:9306 -p 9308:9308 -d manticoresearch/manticore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker run -e CREATE_PLAIN_TABLES=1 --name manticore -v $(pwd)/manticore.conf:/etc/manticoresearch/manticore.conf -p 9306:9306 -p 9308:9308 -d manticoresearch/manticore
```
